he doesn't need his name up in lights he
just wants to be heard whether it's the
beat of the mic hey guys it's dr. dre
bring another great addition of call of
duty world at war cuz I felt like it
today basically I got bored a modern
warfare two unless I'm playing with a
full party or at least four people I do
not play that game right now because it
is Yuri ating and all my friends playing
other games so I kind of stay in party
chat and play games with them so I've
been playing a lot of MLB little cod for
metal banner so on so forth and today I
stopped off at the world at war Express
and we are playing on cliff side what's
idea and I am using the no I'm not using
them m1a1 I'm actually going to be using
the car 98 k with sniper scope and I
don't remember my second areas I just
cannot kill that kid so I switch
immediately I get a kill on and I switch
immediately I believe that believe I
have a you have a Walther as my
secondary perks are of don't know
actually um
believe it's bomb squad but I could be
wrong um I really do not know what my
heart but I'm just quick scoping right
now I'm playing war on cliffside which
is my favorite map and favorite game
tight so basically I'm just going at it
with my car 98 k at a recon plane now
war is a very tricky game type it's fun
for a lot of reasons family because it's
different from any other game type I've
ever played i'm using a deep impact on
Betty's or a part you see it's different
these days it's not a it's not just
something I can just slip on and it's
automatically there it's something I
have to work for so it's a perk in this
game to use flame wars instead of an
actual equipment slot which the only
equipment you can have is brag sticky
grenade and drag stick grenade and
Molotov cocktail so right now I'm just
going around I always have Betty's on my
sniper class because well I just heard a
quick show up in on World War and this
was actually my first game of war I'm
playing with my good buddy Mickey Martin
we've had some story battles in a land
of MLB I don't know why I'm talking like
this in such a nostalgic voice I'm just
playing call of duty game I split all
the time oh really I'm just being a
little weird I had a game today where
I've played against a true killer again
I promised him a best-of-three series
today it was the Diamondbacks for the
Phillies on linking up tomorrow and
commutated again it was very good game
I'm not going to lay out and uh let's
just say that the only serious will not
die okay so I get on my team kill streak
I'm just going around big step in and
get hard stove by a sniper or actually
Oliver was kind of quick scope but now I
just stop text for a second yep i am AFK
for the moment i'm on it earlier to get
that long so right here I'm just quick
scoping failing the day get a kill think
about snipers are that they pretty much
take care of govern on one shot Ricardo
same boat last stand for second chance
rather and guys that's the game final
score is 18 and for I mean wasn't a very
long game it was on fun though I told
you I wouldn be putting up the best
scores by putting up scores that I felt
was reasonable and things I had fun with
so guys i am dr. dre signing up nice